AWS - EC2: added clarifications to command arguments (#9205)
demisto/content: Packs/AWS-EC2/ReleaseNotes/1_1_3.md

#### Integrations
##### AWS - EC2

> Added clarifications for the **fromPort** and **toPort** in the ***aws-ec2-authorize-security-group-ingress-rule*** and ***aws-ec2-revoke-security-group-ingress-rule*** commands.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Added clarification to the **fromPort** and **toPort** arguments for the ***aws-ec2-authorize-security-group-ingress-rule*** and ***aws-ec2-revoke-security-group-ingress-rule*** commands.
```
